F/ordered autoload (#126)
Shatur/neovim-session-manager: README.md

| Argument                     | Description                                                                                  |
| -----------------------------| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `load_session`               | Select and load session. (Your current session won't appear on the list).                    |

> | `load_last_session`          | Will remove all buffers and `:source` the last saved session. (returns true if the session was restored and false otherwise) |
> | `load_current_dir_session`   | Will remove all buffers and `:source` the last saved session file of the current directory. (returns true if the session was restored and false otherwise) |

Reviewer: Let's rephrase it a little. Could you also re-align the table?
```suggestion
| `load_last_session`          | Removes all buffers and tries to `:source` the last saved session. Returns `true` if the session was restored and `false` otherwise. |
| `load_current_dir_session`   | Removes all buffers and tries to `:source` the last saved session file of the current directory. Returns `true` if the session was restored and `false` otherwise. |
```

Could you also update the function docs?

  sessions_dir = Path:new(vim.fn.stdpath('data'), 'sessions'), -- The directory where the session files will be saved.
  session_filename_to_dir = session_filename_to_dir, -- Function that replaces symbols into separators and colons to transform filename into a session directory.
  dir_to_session_filename = dir_to_session_filename, -- Function that replaces separators and colons into special symbols to transform session directory into a filename. Should use `vim.uv.cwd()` if the passed `dir` is `nil`.

>   autoload_mode = config.AutoloadMode.LastSession, -- Define what to do when Neovim is started without arguments. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  autoload_mode = config.AutoloadMode.LastSession, -- Define what to do when Neovim is started without arguments. See "Autoload mode" section below.
```

})
```

### Autoload mode

If Neovim is started without arguments the value of the autoload_mode option is used to determine which session to initially load. The following modes are supported:

> | Mode | Description |

Reviewer: Could you align this table?

| --- | --- |
| Disabled | No session will be loaded. |
| CurrentDir | The session in the current working directory will be loaded. |
| LastSession | The last session will be loaded. This is the default.|

> Autoload_mode can be set to either a single mode or an array of modes, in which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`autoload_mode` can be set to either a single mode or an array of modes, in which
```

case each mode will be tried until one succeeds e.g.

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```lua
```
